Want to speak real English from your first lession? Sign up for your free lifetime account at englishclass101.com.
I have purchased a microphone. What can you do with a new mic?
Hi, everybody! My mane is Alicia welcome back to ask Alicia the weekly series on our TouTube channel, where you ask me questions, and I answer them. Maybe, so please remember, you can submit your questions to me at englishclas101.com. Ask Alicia first question a lot of you who asked avout what to do to get a voice that sounds like mine when i an making these videos, I am specifically trying to speak clearly, so I am clearly separating my words the way that I talk with my friends and the way that I talk a regularly is a bit different than the way that I talk on this channel. But if you want to try to get this kind of prounciation, the best advice I have is just to repeat this kind of projunciation. It depends on your goal if you want to learn to speak, like me, or to speak like somebody else that you really admire, you should try to mimic them. That's what I do. And that's, uh, actually, a strategy that I use when I study other languages as well. So, if I hear something interesting that a? Popularity word that a friend has used like in Japanese, for example, or they have a really good intimation or just the way they deliver the way they say something is really, uh, interesting to me, or I want to. I want to be able to use that, too. I put that in my head. I think about that, and then I try to replicate that, I try to copy that essentially to make this explantion shorter mimic minic.
If you want to learn to speak like me, mimic me if you want to learn to speak like somebody else. Try to mimic someone else, but just keep in mind that the way that I talk in these videos is defferent.
From the way that I talk in real life. Next question, what does the word lit mean?
What does the dword lit mean? Lit is actually a slang word. It's common slang among young people, especially in the U.S right now.
Maybe many of you know that the versb to light has the past tense, uh, lit lit is used to talk about. For example, a party or some kind of social Gathering. Usually, that's really exciting, or that it's really, really fun, or that's kind of crazy.So, lit using the past tense there. You can kind of imagine that, like a fire when you light a fire, it maybe it gets bigger, and it gets kind of wild a little bit crazy. Like, there's a spark in then. It starts, so if you see the word lit like this party was lit, it means it was really crazy. It was really good. It was really fun, uh, you can use it if you want, but just keep in mind that really youg people use that work. I don't use that word for reference, but again, I'm mot cool. Next question, what is correct, I trought you were gone, or I thought you. Argon, I thought you are gone. We need to use. I thought you where gone here. I thought you were gone. So I thought past tense. And you were is also past tense. It's a past tense thought past tense situation. Um, so plz use pasteant. Yeah, next question also maybe about where and was, why do we use if I where, and not if I was, uh, this was a great question. And actually, a lot of native speakers make mistakes with this. It's a small point to be hair, but if you want to be correct, you should always use if I were, um, this is a grammar point.
It refers to the subjunctive mood, the subijunctive mood, an explanation of subjunctive is a bit beyond the scope. I's a bit much for this video, but we will always use if I were when the subject there is I in the conditional. if I were , we always used work you will hear native speakers say if I was, if I was, if you want to be extremely strict and extremely nitpicky, um, where is actually the orrect one. But if you use words, if you make a mistake and you use was, you will still be understood so. But yes, this is related to the subjunctive mood in English. Next question, okay, next one isn't really a question, but something I have noticed that many of you do you like to put the article, uh, or Anne before your adjective before an adjective, but you forget to use. And now, do you know how, like, Mario introdues himself? And he says, it's me when you forget to use ssome kind of noun after after your adjective for whatever, but you sound a bit like Mario's. It's a nice. It's a nice. It's a nice what it's funny to me, like it's an eye, so it's me. You meed to include the noun that you're referring to. it's a nice video, or it's a nice explanation. It's nice, or it's bad, or it's good, or this was a nice explanation, but don't forget to use your noun after you use the adjective. It's a nice something. It's a good something. It's a bad something. So please. uh, no article without a noun. Make sure to use your noun and. Should be in the singular form if you're useing up or M you need to use singular form fo the noun. Don't su=ound like Mario? Next question, what does it mean they can't take away from me? Who are they and what does take away mean we use the word they to mean generally just other people outside of us. This is used a lot to talk about, like news, or to talk about general opinions. They say that this pizza is the best pizza in the city right now. They say that your English will only improve if you study every day. They say that fte most dfficult thing you can do in your life is move to another country. They is just anyone second point. What does take away mean take away means to some object that belongs in one location is removed form taht location. Like, take away food in American English. We use takeout actually, but take away food is a similar idea, especially like in British English takeaway, so you? Take away your food form the restaurant, so you're taking something else. You're removing your food form the restaurant, so in the expression, they can't take that away from me, they meaning people outside. You can't take something away form you next one. What does the phrase don't be a creep. Don't be a creep me. I think Micheal talked about this on an old English topics video, so I talked in a live strean about the word creepy adjective creepy, so something that causes like nervous suspense. It's something that's creepy. The word creep is used as a noun. Don't be up. Creep a person who is creepy. A guy can be a creep. A girl can be a creep, so a creep is someone who caused creepy feeling like , oh, something bad, might happen. I feel nervous like that person's a little strange, a little weird. That person is a creep. He's a creep. She's creep, so don't be a creep means you should not behave like. Creep, don't create nervous feelings in the other person. Don't be a creepy person. Don't be a creep everybody, if that's good advice, don't be a pretty. Don't be a creepy. Try to be a nice and understanding, um and repectful person. Always next quesion. Oh, that was my last one for this week.
All right, so those are, um, my favorite fquestins or the questions that I wanted to talk to you about this week. I hope that those are some useful points for you, and if you have any questions, please feel free to let me know at English class 101.com. Ask Alicia, um, that's where you can submit your questions to me . Um, it makes it very easy for me to check and see all the squestions in one place, so definitely check that out. I think you can sign in with your regular English class 101.com account and submit as many questions as you want, and then I'll choose what I like and what fI want to talk about, Uh, and of course, if a lot of you ask the same question, I'll definitely try to answer that, too. So please check that out English class 101.com. Ask Alicia thanks very much for watching this episode of ask Alicia and I'll see you again next week. Bye.
What are the things I can do whith my microphone? I wonder, I feel like I had some ideas for this when i was laying in bed last night, and i forgotten them all,. Oh, now i can take my videos on the road and be like a golf reporter , uh, yes, the ball. The ball is rolling. Why am i rushing? I am a Russian golf reporter now. Oh maybe I'll be a beatboxer. How do you do that?